Describe difference between MANAGED and EMBEDDED project. (#716)
finos/legend-sdlc: legend-sdlc-server/src/main/Pipeline.md

- artifactId - parent artifact name, and prefix of module artifacts (entities, versioned-entities, file-generation and service-execution)
- projectStructureVersion
  - version - defines directory layout, supported artifact types, entities serializers, pom.xml templates, etc. 
  - extensionVersion - optional - defines additional files generated (requires extensionProvider of projectStructure config yaml server configuration) 
- projectType - MANAGED (default) or EMBEDDED

# Project Types
Default project type is MANAGED, and it means that during project version update or modification of project dependencies, pom.xml files are going to be generated.

If extensionVersion is defined extensionProvider is going to be used to generate additional files - for example the .gitlab-ci.yml file.

EMBEDDED project type means that expected directory layout, and entities serializers are used as specified as in version, but no pom.xml files are generated for modules.

In case of EMBEDDED project types, cannot specify extensionVersion - which means that additional files like .gitlab-ci.yml are not going to be also generated, even if SDLC Server has extensionProvider configuration.

> Another constrain of EMBEDDED projects is restricting SDLC server release capability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another constraint of EMBEDDED projects is a restricted set of available SDLC server operations, such as not being able to create versions.
```
